# Find words in voice
#### Video Demo: <https://youtu.be/zwKK_OQdhuQ>
#### Description: I am Alireza Ahsani Tehrani from Iran. I'm studding in master grade of AI at iau. I wrot a python model which gets a voice and convert it to text using speech_recognition library (which I think is for google company) and then split text to seprate words. I chose some words and append them to a list. i wrote a for loop to check if words in text exists in chosen list, then check if the word not exist in dictionary append it and if exists increase its value by 1. Then we have a dictionary which includes all chosen words with som values. values of this dictionary show the counters of chosen words.Among my code, I wrote a for to for loop which makes sure that all words in text will be counted even if they have some difrences with chosen words. this simulated voice is about a concert which recorded by me. this model can take any voices in .wav format and does processes on it.I wrot a part which checks that if voice is exist or not and if it is readable or not. If It is not readable It passes an error. I realy wanted to write a model in clang with databases and combination with python but I hadn't have enough time and I chose python because i have more skills in this lang.I am Alireza Ahsani Tehrani from Iran. I'm studding in master grade of AI at iau. I wrot a python model which gets a voice and convert it to text using speech_recognition library (which I think is for google company) and then split text to seprate words. I chose some words and append them to a list.I wrot a part which checks that if voice is exist or not and if it is readable or not. If It is not readable It passes an error. I realy wanted to write a model in clang with databases and combination with python but I hadn't have enough time and I chose python because i have more skills in this lang. i wrote a for loop to check if words in text exists in chosen list, then check if the word not exist in dictionary append it and if exists increase its value by 1. Then we have a dictionary which includes all chosen words with som values. values of this dictionary show the counters of chosen words.Among my code, I wrote a for to for loop which makes sure that all words in text will be counted even if they have some difrences with chosen words. this simulated voice is about a concert which recorded by me. this model can take any voices in .wav format and does processes on it.I wrot a part which checks that if voice is exist or not and if it is readable or not. If It is not readable It passes an error. I realy wanted to write a model in clang with databases and combination with python but I hadn't have enough time and I chose python because i have more skills in this lang.